= Redpanda Connect Chart Specification
:description: Find the default values and descriptions of settings in the Redpanda Connect Helm chart.

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-3.0.0-informational?style=flat-square[Version:
3.0.0]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square[Type:
application]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-4.38.0-informational?style=flat-square[AppVersion:
4.38.0]

Redpanda Connect is a high performance and resilient stream processor,
able to connect various sources and sinks in a range of brokering
patterns and perform hydration, enrichments, transformations and filters
on payloads.

This Helm chart deploys a Redpanda Connect instance in either streams
mode or standalone.

This page describes the contents of the chart's
https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/connect/values.yaml[`values.yaml`
file]. Each of the settings is listed and described on this page, along
with any default values.

For instructions on how to install and use the chart, including how to
override and customize the chartâ€™s values, refer to the
https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-connect/get-started/helm-chart/[deployment
documentation].

NOTE: To migrate to this chart from the
https://github.com/redpanda-data/redpanda-connect-helm-chart[Benthos
Helm chart], see the
https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/connect/MIGRATION_FROM_BENTHOS.md[migration
guide in this GitHub repository].

'''''

Autogenerated from chart metadata using
https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.14.2[helm-docs
v1.14.2]

== Source Code

* https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts

== Settings

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=affinity[affinity]

Affinity rules for scheduling Pods.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=args[args]

Override the default arguments for the entrypoint command.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=autoscaling[autoscaling]

Configuration for Horizontal Pod Autoscaling for the Redpanda Connect
Deployment.

*Default:*

....
{"enabled":false,"maxReplicas":12,"metrics":[{"resource":{"name":"cpu","target":{"averageUtilization":80,"type":"Utilization"}},"type":"Resource"}],"minReplicas":1}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=autoscaling.enabled[autoscaling.enabled]

Enable Horizontal Pod Autoscaling.

*Default:* `false`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=autoscaling.maxReplicas[autoscaling.maxReplicas]

Maximum number of replicas if autoscaling is enabled.

*Default:* `12`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=autoscaling.metrics[autoscaling.metrics]

List of metrics to use for scaling, such as CPU utilization.

*Default:*

....
[{"resource":{"name":"cpu","target":{"averageUtilization":80,"type":"Utilization"}},"type":"Resource"}]
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=autoscaling.minReplicas[autoscaling.minReplicas]

Minimum number of replicas if autoscaling is enabled.

*Default:* `1`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=command[command]

Override the default entrypoint command of the container.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=commonLabels[commonLabels]

Additional labels to apply to all resources created by this chart.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=config[config]

Configuration for `/redpanda-connect.yaml` file.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.annotations[deployment.annotations]

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.livenessProbe[deployment.livenessProbe]

Configuration for the liveness probe that checks if the container is
running.

*Default:*

....
{"failureThreshold":3,"httpGet":{"path":"/ping","port":"http"},"periodSeconds":5,"successThreshold":1,"timeoutSeconds":2}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.livenessProbe.failureThreshold[deployment.livenessProbe.failureThreshold]

Number of consecutive failures before Pod is restarted.

*Default:* `3`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.livenessProbe.httpGet[deployment.livenessProbe.httpGet]

HTTP GET request configuration for the liveness probe.

*Default:*

....
{"path":"/ping","port":"http"}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.livenessProbe.periodSeconds[deployment.livenessProbe.periodSeconds]

Frequency (in seconds) of liveness checks.

*Default:* `5`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.livenessProbe.successThreshold[deployment.livenessProbe.successThreshold]

Number of consecutive successes required to mark as healthy.

*Default:* `1`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds[deployment.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds]

Timeout (in seconds) for each liveness check.

*Default:* `2`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.podAnnotations[deployment.podAnnotations]

Annotations to add to Redpanda Connect Pods.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.podLabels[deployment.podLabels]

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe[deployment.readinessProbe]

Configuration for the readiness probe that checks if the container is
ready to accept traffic.

*Default:*

....
{"failureThreshold":1,"httpGet":{"path":"/ready","port":"http"},"periodSeconds":5,"successThreshold":1,"timeoutSeconds":2}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.failureThreshold[deployment.readinessProbe.failureThreshold]

Number of consecutive failures before marking Pod as unhealthy.

*Default:* `1`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.httpGet[deployment.readinessProbe.httpGet]

HTTP GET request configuration for the readiness probe.

*Default:*

....
{"path":"/ready","port":"http"}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.periodSeconds[deployment.readinessProbe.periodSeconds]

Frequency (in seconds) of readiness checks.

*Default:* `5`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.successThreshold[deployment.readinessProbe.successThreshold]

Number of consecutive successes before marking Pod as healthy.

*Default:* `1`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds[deployment.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds]

Timeout (in seconds) for each readiness check.

*Default:* `2`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.replicaCount[deployment.replicaCount]

Number of Replicas for the Redpanda Connect Deployment.

*Default:* `1`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.restartPolicy[deployment.restartPolicy]

Restart policy for containers in the Pod.

*Default:* `"Always"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.rolloutConfigMap[deployment.rolloutConfigMap]

Rollout the deployment on ConfigMap changes.

*Default:* `true`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=deployment.terminationGracePeriodSeconds[deployment.terminationGracePeriodSeconds]

Time in seconds for Pod termination grace period.

*Default:* `60`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=env[env]

Environment variables to pass to the Redpanda Connect container.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=envFrom[envFrom]

Names of Secrets or ConfigMaps that contain environment variables to
pass to the Redpanda Connect container.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=extraVolumeMounts[extraVolumeMounts]

Additional volume mounts for the container.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=extraVolumes[extraVolumes]

Additional volumes to add to the Pod.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=fullnameOverride[fullnameOverride]

Override for the full name template.

*Default:* `""`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=http[http]

Configuration for the HTTP server used to expose Redpanda Connect
endpoints.

*Default:*

....
{"address":"0.0.0.0:4195","cors":{"enabled":false},"debug_endpoints":false,"enabled":true,"root_path":"/redpanda-connect"}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=http.address[http.address]

Bind Address for the HTTP server.

*Default:* `"0.0.0.0:4195"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=http.cors.enabled[http.cors.enabled]

Enable CORS support for HTTP server.

*Default:* `false`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=http.debug_endpoints[http.debug_endpoints]

Enable debug endpoints for the HTTP server.

*Default:* `false`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=http.enabled[http.enabled]

Enable HTTP server.

*Default:* `true`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=http.root_path[http.root_path]

Root path for HTTP API endpoints.

*Default:* `"/redpanda-connect"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=image[image]

Configuration for the Redpanda Connect container image.

*Default:*

....
{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/connect","tag":""}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=image.pullPolicy[image.pullPolicy]

Image pull policy, such as `IfNotPresent` or `Always`.

*Default:* `"IfNotPresent"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=image.repository[image.repository]

Docker repository for the Redpanda Connect image.

*Default:*

....
"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/connect"
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=image.tag[image.tag]

Override for the default image tag (uses chart `appVersion` if empty).

*Default:* `""`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=imagePullSecrets[imagePullSecrets]

List of Secrets for private Docker registry authentication.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=ingress.annotations[ingress.annotations]

Annotations for the Ingress resource.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=ingress.className[ingress.className]

Ingress Class name for the Ingress resource.

*Default:* `""`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=ingress.enabled[ingress.enabled]

Enable Ingress resource creation.

*Default:* `false`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=ingress.hosts[ingress.hosts]

List of host definitions for the Ingress resource.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=ingress.tls[ingress.tls]

TLS configuration for Ingress resource.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=initContainers[initContainers]

Additional init containers to add to the Deployment.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=nameOverride[nameOverride]

*Default:* `""`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=nodeSelector[nodeSelector]

Node selector for scheduling Pods.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=podDisruptionBudget[podDisruptionBudget]

Configuration for the PodDisruptionBudget, which controls voluntary
evictions of Redpanda Connect Pods.

*Default:* `{"enabled":false}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=podDisruptionBudget.enabled[podDisruptionBudget.enabled]

Enable a PodDisruptionBudget for the Deployment.

*Default:* `false`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=podSecurityContext[podSecurityContext]

Security context to be applied at the Pod level.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=resources[resources]

Resource limits and requests for the container.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=securityContext[securityContext]

Security context to be applied to containers in the Pod.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=service[service]

Configuration for the Kubernetes Service that exposes Redpanda Connect.

*Default:*

....
{"extraPorts":null,"name":"http","port":80,"protocol":"TCP","targetPort":"http","type":"ClusterIP"}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=service.extraPorts[service.extraPorts]

Additional ports to expose through the Service.

*Default:* `nil`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=service.name[service.name]

Name of the Kubernetes Service.

*Default:* `"http"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=service.port[service.port]

Service port for accessing the application.

*Default:* `80`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=service.protocol[service.protocol]

Protocol to use for the Service, for example TCP or UDP.

*Default:* `"TCP"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=service.targetPort[service.targetPort]

Target port on the container.

*Default:* `"http"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=service.type[service.type]

Type of Kubernetes Service, for example ClusterIP, NodePort, or
LoadBalancer.

*Default:* `"ClusterIP"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=serviceAccount[serviceAccount]

Configuration for the Kubernetes ServiceAccount associated with the
Redpanda Connect Pods.

*Default:*

....
{"annotations":{},"create":true,"name":""}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.annotations[serviceAccount.annotations]

Annotations to add to the ServiceAccount.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.create[serviceAccount.create]

Specify whether a ServiceAccount should be created.

*Default:* `true`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.name[serviceAccount.name]

Name of the ServiceAccount to use. If not set and `create` is `true`, a
name is autogenerated.

*Default:* `""`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=serviceMonitor[serviceMonitor]

Configuration for the ServiceMonitor used by Prometheus to scrape
Redpanda Connect metrics.

*Default:*

....
{"enabled":false,"interval":"10s","scheme":"http"}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=serviceMonitor.enabled[serviceMonitor.enabled]

Enable the creation of a ServiceMonitor for Prometheus monitoring.

*Default:* `false`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=serviceMonitor.interval[serviceMonitor.interval]

Scrape interval for Prometheus monitoring.

*Default:* `"10s"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=serviceMonitor.scheme[serviceMonitor.scheme]

HTTP Scheme to use for scraping.

*Default:* `"http"`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=streams[streams]

Configuration settings for the streams mode feature in Redpanda Connect.

*Default:*

....
{"api":{"enable":true},"enabled":false,"streamsConfigMap":""}
....

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=streams.api.enable[streams.api.enable]

Enable the streams API.

*Default:* `true`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=streams.enabled[streams.enabled]

Enable streams mode.

*Default:* `false`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=streams.streamsConfigMap[streams.streamsConfigMap]

Name of the ConfigMap that contains stream configuration files.

*Default:* `""`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=tolerations[tolerations]

Tolerations for scheduling Pods onto nodes with matching taints.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=topologySpreadConstraints[topologySpreadConstraints]

Spread incoming Pods across the cluster based on topology to improve distribution and fault tolerance.

*Default:* `[]`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=updateStrategy[updateStrategy]

Update strategy for the Deployment, for example `RollingUpdate`.

*Default:* `{}`

=== https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connect?modal=values&path=watch[watch]

Experimental feature: Watch config files for changes and automatically
apply them without needing to rollout the Deployment. Make sure that
`deployment.rolloutConfigMap` is `false`.

*Default:* `false`
